---
layout: default
title: v9.0.2
parent: Release Notes
---

### What's New?
1. Report Generation and Scheduling.
2. Ability to configure multiple configurations of an integration type.
3. Ability to configure unauthenticated SMTP relays.
4. Machine Learning: Define Baselines and Profilers.
5. New Integrations: Fortigate Response Plugin.
6. New Connectors: TCP Connector
7. Ability to view stream stats for current month.
8. Ability to filter collection sources by status.
9. Ability to export collection status.

### What's Changed?
1. Re-enabled "Manage Scopes" View.
2. SMTP Configuration has been simplified.
3. AWS Connector has been renamed to AWS S3 Connector.
4. O365 Connector has been renamed to Office 365 Connector.
5. TLS Connector now allows configuration of modes and certificate paths.

### What's Fixed?
1. Auto-recovery of Query Servers gone fatal. Status check currently works at 15min intervals.
2. Handling for clean exit of defunct worker processes.
3. Bug with setting up connectors in proxy environments resolved.
4. Fixes related to summation of EPS across Connectors and Connector threads.
5. DomainTools proxy issue has been resolved.
6. Notable events are now sorted by recency.
7. Metadata reporting has been streamlined.

### Known Issues and Limitations
1. Internal workers have been reported to stall in a rare conditions.
2. Query servers have been reported to go fatal in rare conditions, recovery handled.
3. Scopes are populated with content part of initial release and not latest available content from UNET.
